content/events/keynote/david_wilcock.md, before:

---
id: 2
title: "David Wilcock"
image: "img/david_wilcock.jpg"
type: "Keynote"
about: "John Perkins learned the powers of perceived reality to change objective reality from Amazon shamans in 1968-71, honed them as an economic hit man, and has since used them to help individuals, corporations, and governments create a better world. His books, in 33 languages, spent 73 weeks on the NYT bestseller list. John is a founder and board member of Dream Change and The Pachamama Alliance, non-profit organizations devoted to establishing a world future generations will want to inherit."
name_event: "Touching the Jaguar"
date_event: "February 2nd 2019"
time_event: "14:00"
summary_event: "Changing Reality by Changing Perception. 
When aliens arrive, how will they deal with our planet and us?"
about_event: "They’ll certainly be impressed by Earth’s beauty and abundant resources, and dismayed by the destructive actions of its people. They’ll be shocked by the brutal ways we treat each other and our planetary home. They may well decide that if we continue to kill and destroy, they’ll have no choice but to save the planet by eradicating us."
draft: false
---

Commit message:

added all pages and some more styling on events

content/events/keynote/david_wilcock.md, after:

---
id: "dw"
title: "David Wilcock"
image: "img/david_wilcock.jpg"
type: "Keynote"
about: "David Wilcock is the triple best-selling author of Source Field, Synchronicity Key and The Ascension Mysteries. His groundbreaking investigations into ancient civilizations, consciousness science, new physics and conspiracy analysis have earned him the trust of multiple high-level insiders who have passed along a wealth of information about the Alliance—a group working to free us from financial and spiritual tyranny."
name_event: "Secret Space Program: You CAN Handle the Truth!"
date_event: "Saturday, February 10th 2019"
time_event: "8:00 pm - 9:30 pm PST"
summary_event: ""
about_event: "The Alliance is closing in on their final goal of defeating the Cabal and sending many key conspirators off to prison. However, even the Alliance has felt we are “not ready” for a full disclosure. Instead, they are pushing for a “Partial Disclosure,” where we still learn some very amazing things but the full truth could be withheld for 20, 50, even 100 years. However, we already have a very good idea of what that suppressed “full truth” will be! Join David Wilcock in this tour-de-force presentation, where we come face-to-face with the intel he has gathered from multiple insiders working within the Secret Space Program, including his 10-year associate Emery Smith, who very recently came forward. Emery claims to have autopsied some three thousand different types of extraterrestrial humanlike species, and his information has electrified the UFO community with new revelations."
draft: false
---
